Add consider_default_literal_types_redundant option to RedundantTypeAnnotationRule (#4756)
realm/SwiftLint: CHANGELOG.md

  [Martin Redington](https://github.com/mildm8nnered)
  [#4792](https://github.com/realm/SwiftLint/issues/4792)

> * Add `consider_default_literal_types_redundant` option to
>   `RedundantTypeAnnotationRule` supporting `Bool`, `Double`, `Int` and `String`.
>   Note that this option must be set to `true` to maintain the previous behavior.
>   [Garric Nahapetian](https://github.com/garricn)
>   [#4756](https://github.com/realm/SwiftLint/pull/4756)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add `consider_default_literal_types_redundant` option to the
  `redundant_type_annotation` rule supporting `Bool`, `Double`, `Int` and `String`.
  Setting the option to `true` lets the rule consider said types in
  declarations like `let i: Int = 1` or `let s: String = ""` as redundant.
  [Garric Nahapetian](https://github.com/garricn)
```

We only mention issue numbers in the changelog.

  [Martin Redington](https://github.com/mildm8nnered)
  [#4792](https://github.com/realm/SwiftLint/issues/4792)

* Add `consider_default_literal_types_redundant` option to the
  `redundant_type_annotation` rule supporting `Bool`, `Double`, `Int` and
  `String`. Setting the option to `true` lets the rule consider said types in
  declarations like `let i: Int = 1` or `let s: String = ""` as redundant.

>   Note that `Bool` literals will no longer be considered redundant by default.  

Author: The existing lines 24 to 28 are currently all in the Breaking section already. If you can clarify your meaning, I would be happy to adjust it. Thank you.

>   Note that `Bool` literals will no longer be considered redundant by default.  

Reviewer: Ah, I see. I though that we should split the entry in an improvement for all literals except booleans and a breaking change for booleans.
